Locking Primitives
==================

1a.  Benefit of spinlocks over normal locks
spinlock would be preferable in situations were threads are blocked only
for a short time because with spinlocks there is no need for the facilities
for passive waiting which include context switches and process scheduling,
both of which can be relatively time intensive. In cases where the time
for such processes would exceed time wasted by blocking other threads, we
would be better off with spinlocks.


1b.  Spinlocks on 1-processor systems
in 1 core setups spinlocks don't provide a benefit because in these cases
if a process is 'spinning' the clock it will block other threads from running
and will remain locked indefinitely.



2a.  Read/write lock fairness issues
These rules are unfair in the situation were there are many readers
trying to acquire the read-write lock because it is possible that a writer
may never aquire the lock:

- A reader requests locks and gets it because it is free
- a writer requests lock but is blocked because of above reader
- more readers attempt to aquire lock and gets it because a reader has it
- early readers release to later readers and the writer never gets the key

The above is a stepwise process by which a writer may never get the key.


2b.  Fair read/write lock design

If a reader R1 attempts to acquire the read-write lock:

    if no one holds the lock, grant read access to R1 immediately
    if another reader R2 holds the lock, and there are blocked writers, grrant
          read access to R1 immediately.
    if another reader R2 already holds the lock, and there are blocked writers
          block R1 until blocked writers release lock.
    if a writer W holds the lock, R1 is blocked until W releases the lock.

If a writer W1 attempts to acquire the read-write lock:
    if no one holds the lock, grant write access to W1 immediately.
    if the lock is currently held by some number of readers, block W1 until
          currently blocked readers release lock.
    if another writer W2 currently holds the lock, W1 is blocked until W2 has
          released the block.
